readme.md, before:

# LeslieBarber_T1A3

#References
The references that where used in the development of the app are for the gem that is included in the app 
https://ttytoolkit.org/
https://github.com/piotrmurach/tty-prompt#ttyprompt- 
the first was used to get information about the gem and how to install it as a bundle.  The second was used as a source to see what was possible to do with the gem in my code to make the app.

# Link to Source Control repository
https://github.com/lesliebarber/LeslieBarber_T1A3
Above link for the source code on github.

# Software Development plan 
The app I have designed for a user is for University house which is a private members club in Melbourne University It is a booking app for 4 of the rooms that are available there.
# Purpose
The purpose of the app is to provide a service that gives the opportunity to book the room for your enjoyment. It would provide a quick way for the user to give their details including their name and a contact number so that they can see if they can book their group into one of the rooms.  This would take pressure off the staff at University house because they would be able to see the booking rather than always taking phone calls.  
The app will welcome the user to UniHouse give them options of which room they would like to book takes them though the process and then gives them the information before wishing them well and saying goodbye see you soon.
Because University house can get quiet busy with events. This will help the staff to control the booking system.  Currently there can be some issues with bookings that haven't been entered into a system causing conflict. With clients that turn up thinking they have a booking but none has been entered into the system.

The target audience the app is for is the office staff as well as the front of house staff at University house.  As well as the clients who will be able to see if they can book the rooms that are available.

The target audience will use the app by entering their name, contact number, and then making a new booking by selecting one of the rooms it will then show the cost and their details with the booking.  Then the user will be wished well and hope to see you soon and then exit out of the app after a period of 0.5 to give them a chance to see the exit message.

# List of features
The features in the app are 
rooms, cost and availablity.
These are all required for the user to be able to book the rooms that they will occupy for their booking.
As not every user will like the cost and maybe the availablity may not suit them.
Loops for the app I used was a while loop so that while the statement is true then we can proceed to the next step.  If it is not then there is an error message.  Example  when the user is entering their infomation for the booking they have 4 opportunities to enter the correct information or they are told that they haven't entered enough detail for a booking and returned to the start.  
So while the information is corerct true the process will proceed.  If no then there is an error and the user is asked to start again.

The variables used in the App Are the rooms Kara, Celadon, Regency and Victoria as regardless how they are booked they stay the same.
All of the values entered for the user @name @contact @booking are instance variables that are initilized and called on to provide information.  There is also @room which is used for providing the room information as well as in the do loop.
We also have local variables used for scope with our class ,modules and def.  These are used as a declaration it is active until the intended outcome is reached in other words the scope.

# Develop an outline of the user interaction and experience for the application.
# Your outline must include:
- how the user will find out how to interact with / use each feature
- how the user will interact with / use each feature
- how errors will be handled by the application and displayed to the user

Commit message:

more content for readme file

readme.md, after:

# LeslieBarber_T1A3

# References
The references that where used in the development of the app are for the gem that is included in the app 
https://ttytoolkit.org/
https://github.com/piotrmurach/tty-prompt#ttyprompt- 
the first was used to get information about the gem and how to install it as a bundle.  The second was used as a source to see what was possible to do with the gem in my code to make the app.

# Link to Source Control repository
https://github.com/lesliebarber/LeslieBarber_T1A3
Above link for the source code on github.

#  Software Development plan 
The app I have designed for a user is for University house which is a private members club in Melbourne University It is a booking app for 4 of the rooms that are available there.
#  Purpose
The purpose of the app is to provide a service that gives the opportunity to book the room for your enjoyment. It would provide a quick way for the user to give their details including their name and a contact number so that they can see if they can book their group into one of the rooms.  This would take pressure off the staff at University house because they would be able to see the booking rather than always taking phone calls.  
The app will welcome the user to UniHouse give them options of which room they would like to book takes them though the process and then gives them the information before wishing them well and saying goodbye see you soon.
Because University house can get quiet busy with events. This will help the staff to control the booking system.  Currently there can be some issues with bookings that haven't been entered into a system causing conflict. With clients that turn up thinking they have a booking but none has been entered into the system.

The target audience the app is for is the office staff as well as the front of house staff at University house.  As well as the clients who will be able to see if they can book the rooms that are available.

The target audience will use the app by entering their name, contact number, and then making a new booking by selecting one of the rooms it will then show the cost and their details with the booking.  Then the user will be wished well and hope to see you soon and then exit out of the app after a period of 0.5 to give them a chance to see the exit message.

# List of features
The features in the app are 
rooms, cost and availablity.
These are all required for the user to be able to book the rooms that they will occupy for their booking.
As not every user will like the cost and maybe the availablity may not suit them.
Loops for the app I used was a while loop so that while the statement is true then we can proceed to the next step.  If it is not then there is an error message.  Example  when the user is entering their infomation for the booking they have 4 opportunities to enter the correct information or they are told that they haven't entered enough detail for a booking and returned to the start.  
So while the information is corerct true the process will proceed.  If no then there is an error and the user is asked to start again.

The variables used in the App Are the rooms Kara, Celadon, Regency and Victoria as regardless how they are booked they stay the same.
All of the values entered for the user @name @contact @booking are instance variables that are initilized and called on to provide information.  There is also @room which is used for providing the room information as well as in the do loop.
We also have local variables used for scope with our class ,modules and def.  These are used as a declaration it is active until the intended outcome is reached in other words the scope.

# Develop an outline of the user interaction and experience for the application.
# Your outline must include:
- how the user will find out how to interact with / use each feature
- how the user will interact with / use each feature
- how errors will be handled by the application and displayed to the user
The user will be provided with is readme document as well the members of the club will be provided the details of the app and help file so that they can easily access the app to use it.
The user will be able to use all of the features easily because of the menu provided giving them options at their finger tips.  And an easy to follow step though the app to make the boking and then exit.

The app provides support for the user if they don't put in correct details for a booking. It returns them to the beginning to start again.  This suports the user error because it stops them from entering nothing or incorrect information.

# Help Documentations for the app

For the user to be able to us the app They will need to aquire the gem TTY-Prompt if they don'y all ready have it installed.
They can get the app through 
https://rubygems.org/gems/tty-prompt/versions/0.23.0
this is ruby gems.  
If you wish to gain all of the content us bundle in terminal to access the needed gem file.
If you only want to use the prompt use the following command in terminal
gem install tty-prompt.  This will get the gem you need for the app.
